Update incubator.md (#2)
lowe-lab-ucl/protocols: incubator.md

# Incubator Microscope "KRAKEN" Protocol - work in progress!

Author: Nathan J. Day

Date: October 2020

### This protocol shows how to initiate a time-lapse acquisition on the Lowe Lab's KRAKEN incubator-microscope. 

Contents: 

- Microscope layout
- Microscope infrastructure 
- Step-by-step usage instructions
- Notes

## Microscope Layout

The microscope is located inside a standard cell culture incubator, with an added water pump to maintain humidity. The incubator microscope is located to the right of the desktop computer used to control it, in front of the incubator CO<sub>2</sub> supply cylinder. 

"Control 2" - stage controller. On/off switch located at the back of the box. Top left button for the Z position. 

"Niji blue box" - LED controller. On/off switch located at the back left side (also has a power pack to the left, generally always on). 

"Thorlabs" - precision stage control. On/off switch at the back left side. 

**_Insert labelled picture of microscope here_** 

## Microscope Infrastructure

> The C0<sub>2</sub> cylinder requires replacing approximately every 1.5-2 months. This replacement is done by SMB orders. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CO<sub>2</sub> cylinder requires replacing approximately every 1.5-2 months. This replacement is done by BOC (contact SMB orders). 
```

    - Once the relevant paramters have been defined, be sure to save the `Params.json` file. 

2. Start Micromanager Gamma

    - Preexisting configurations should suffice
    - 2x2 binning needs to be set as default is "OFF". 
    - Exposure option here is for live feed of microscope field of view, the exposure set in `Params.json` will overide this during the time-lapse acquisition. 
    **_tidy this section up a bit_**
    
    
3. Store image positions for future time-lapse acquisition

    - `Stage` button opens the position list
    - `LIVE image acquisition` button to show current field of view
    - Save positions of interest **_forgot what precise button to do this is called_**, path must match the path specified in the `Params.json` file
    
    
4. Start acquisition

    - Close Micromanager
    - ACQUIRE shortcut in Start menu **_needs clarification_**
    
5. Checking the acqusition 

    - Open ImageJ
    - Navigate to ouput path and open as virtual stack (to conserve memory)
    
    
6. Stopping the acquistition 

>     - **CAUTION** Wait until acqusition loop is finished before closing the terminal to end acquisition. **_is terminal the correct word?_** 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **CAUTION** Wait until acqusition loop is finished before closing the terminal to end acquisition. 
```
Yes - terminal is correct
